Update v2-conformance-statement for leniency (#3137)
microsoft/dicom-server: docs/resources/v2-conformance-statement.md

- `application/dicom+json`

### Search Changes From V1
If an instance returned validation warnings for [searchable attributes](#searchable-attributes) at the time the [instance was stored](#store-changes-from-v1), those attributes may not be used to search for the stored instance. However, any [searchable attributes](#searchable-attributes) that failed validation will be able to return results if the values are overwritten by instances in the same study/series that are stored after the failed one, or if the values are already stored correctly by a previous instance. If the attribute values are not overwritten, then they will not produce any search results.

> To correct an attribute, delete the stored instance and upload the corrected data or a new instance with corrected data could be uploaded.

Reviewer: We could maybe make this a list.  My thinking is that with the Update API, that would add another option to the list, i.e. "Use the Update API to correct the attribute"

```suggestion
An attribute can be corrected in the following ways:
- Delete the stored instance and upload a new instance with the corrected data
- Upload a new instance in the same study/series with corrected data
```
